Create ui-c8y-1020-18-0-angular-migration-and-refactoring-of-device-protocols-6719-graft-release-cd.md (#2362)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-18-0-angular-migration-and-refactoring-of-device-protocols-6719-graft-release-cd.md

---
date: ""

> title: Angular migration and refactoring of device protocols (#6719) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6915)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Migrate device protocols to Angular and refactor code
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-2884
version: 1020.18.0
---

> Angular migration and refactoring of device protocols (#6719) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#6915)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
As part of the ongoing effort to modernize the Cumulocity IoT user interface, the device protocols configuration user interface has been migrated from the legacy AngularJS framework to the newer Angular framework. This migration enables us to take advantage of the latest web technologies and improve the overall user experience. In addition to the migration, the device protocols code has also been refactored to improve its structure, maintainability, and performance. These changes are not expected to have any significant impact on the user experience or existing device protocol configurations.
```
